README.md, before:

# Electronics Resources
Resources for learning electronics and more.

## Circuit Simulation and PCB design
- [CircuitMaker](https://circuitmaker.com/)
- [Getting Started With Circuit Maker](https://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/courses/cs343/Circuit_Maker/)
- [Using CircuitMaker](http://hades.mech.northwestern.edu/index.php/Using_CircuitMaker)

## Arduino
- [How To Wirelessly Transmit Data on Arduino](https://www.digikey.ca/en/maker/blogs/2019/how-to-wirelessly-transmit-data-on-arduino)
- [Uploading sketches Over-the-Air (OTA)](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/ota-getting-started)
- [How to connect your Arduino to Wi-Fi](https://www.deviceplus.com/arduino/how-to-connect-your-arduino-to-wi-fi/)

## LEDs
- [All About LEDs](https://learn.adafruit.com/all-about-leds/overview)
  - What is an LED?
  - What are LEDs used for?
  - The LED datasheet
  - Forward Voltage and KVL
  - Revisiting Resistors
  - Revisiting Volts
  - Which to Adjust?
  - Adjusting Brightness
  - .... more
- [‘Resistance’ of an LED](http://lednique.com/current-voltage-relationships/resistance-of-an-led/)
- [LED Specifications: light emitting diode parameters](https://www.electronics-notes.com/articles/electronic_components/diode/light-emitting-diode-led-datasheet-specifications-parameters-characteristics.php#:~:text=Many%20LEDs%20will%20operate%20at,LED%20increases%20with%20increasing%20current.)
- [LED Resistor Calculator](https://www.thegeekpub.com/calculators/led-resistor-calculator)

## Learning Electronics
- [Notes on Electronics](electronics_notes.md)
  These notes serve as a quick way to learn electronics or a refresher for hobbiests, but do not replace a full course or textbook on electronics.  A proper textbook
  on electronics is recommended, such as **Introduction To Electronics by Earl Gates** and a proper course such as [Introduction to Electronics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/electronics) is also recommended.

Commit message:

Added geek pub; added emojis.

README.md, after:

# Electronics Resources
Resources for learning electronics and more.

## Circuit Simulation and PCB design
- 🔗[CircuitMaker](https://circuitmaker.com/)
- 🔗[Getting Started With Circuit Maker](https://babbage.cs.qc.cuny.edu/courses/cs343/Circuit_Maker/)
- 🔗[Using CircuitMaker](http://hades.mech.northwestern.edu/index.php/Using_CircuitMaker)

## Arduino
- 🔗[How To Wirelessly Transmit Data on Arduino](https://www.digikey.ca/en/maker/blogs/2019/how-to-wirelessly-transmit-data-on-arduino)
- 🔗[Uploading sketches Over-the-Air (OTA)](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/ota-getting-started)
- 🔗[How to connect your Arduino to Wi-Fi](https://www.deviceplus.com/arduino/how-to-connect-your-arduino-to-wi-fi/)

## LEDs
- 🔗[All About LEDs](https://learn.adafruit.com/all-about-leds/overview)
  - What is an LED?
  - What are LEDs used for?
  - The LED datasheet
  - Forward Voltage and KVL
  - Revisiting Resistors
  - Revisiting Volts
  - Which to Adjust?
  - Adjusting Brightness
  - .... more
- 🔗[‘Resistance’ of an LED](http://lednique.com/current-voltage-relationships/resistance-of-an-led/)
- 🔗[LED Specifications: light emitting diode parameters](https://www.electronics-notes.com/articles/electronic_components/diode/light-emitting-diode-led-datasheet-specifications-parameters-characteristics.php#:~:text=Many%20LEDs%20will%20operate%20at,LED%20increases%20with%20increasing%20current.)
- 🔗[LED Resistor Calculator](https://www.thegeekpub.com/calculators/led-resistor-calculator)

## Learning Electronics
- 📘[Notes on Electronics](electronics_notes.md)
  These notes serve as a quick way to learn electronics or a refresher for hobbiests, but do not replace a full course or textbook on electronics.  A proper textbook
  on electronics is recommended, such as **Introduction To Electronics by Earl Gates** and a proper course such as [Introduction to Electronics](https://www.coursera.org/learn/electronics) is also recommended.
- 🔗[The Geek Pub](https://www.thegeekpub.com/)
  Excellent site on learning electronics. Select **LEARNING** on the top menu.
